I would visit the financial aid department at Cal State Fullerton. Um,
you could also try the career center they might know mawr Thio about,
like, possible grants and fellowships and scholarships that are available.
You could talk to the department, Uh, in the psych department.
We do offer various scholarships and fellowships that students
can apply for. And when you know, based on what they're doing, they're
not usually much. But often times, you know, you can you can get
a bunch of them and, you know, all of a sudden it starts to add up.
Thio pretty good chunk of change. Eso you. They're also government websites
out there. I think in psychology the American Psychological
Association, the A p A, um, has a list or something of possible, um,
grants and fellowships and scholarships that are available, um, either
through the A p a or through other organizations or association.
So that might be another resource that you could check out. Um, but
probably I would direct you first to the financial aid office of whatever
school you're at right now, because they'll probably have a lot
of information for you.